Add documentation for FunctionConfig CRD and reconciler (#976)
nephio-project/porch: docs/content/en/docs/5_architecture_and_components/function-runner/functionality/pod-lifecycle-management.md

**Image Metadata Operations** - Cache image digests and entrypoints, inspect container images to extract configuration, handle private registry authentication and TLS configuration, manage image pull secrets for function pods.

> **Template System** - Retrieve or create base pod and service templates from ServiceTemplate CRDs or inline defaults, track template versions to detect changes requiring pod replacement, patch templates with function-specific configuration and template overrides from FunctionConfig.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Template System** - Retrieve or create base pod and service templates from ServiceTemplate custom resources or inline defaults, track template versions to detect changes requiring pod replacement, patch templates with function-specific configuration and template overrides from FunctionConfig.
```

### Pod Template System

The pod manager supports two template sources: ConfigMap-based templates for customization and inline templates as fallback defaults.

> The pod manager retrieves base pod and service templates from PodTemplate resources and ServiceTemplate CRs in the function execution namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The pod manager retrieves base pod and service templates from PodTemplate resources and ServiceTemplate resources in the function execution namespace.
```

**Inline Templates:**

When PodTemplate/ServiceTemplate resources are not found, the pod manager creates them from hardcoded inline templates with sensible defaults including init container for wrapper-server binary, main container with wrapper-server as entrypoint, EmptyDir volume for tools, readiness probe using grpc-health-probe, and cluster autoscaler safe-to-evict annotation.

**Template Overrides:**

FunctionConfig resources can specify template overrides that customize the base templates on a per-function basis. The pod manager applies these overrides when creating pods:

- **serviceAccountName** - Override the pod's service account
- **securityContext** - Override the pod's security context
- **initContainer** - Override init container resources, env, and envFrom
- **container** - Override main container resources, env, and envFrom

These overrides are merged with the base template during pod creation, allowing function-specific customization without requiring separate templates for each function.

**Legacy ConfigMap Approach:**

> Prior to the ServiceTemplate CRD implementation, pod and service templates were stored in ConfigMaps. This approach is deprecated. See [function-runner-pod-templates.md](../relevant_old_docs/function-runner-pod-templates.md) for historical reference.

Reviewer: Use hugo relref here?

Author: I think that old docs folder was removed

This approach provides automatic cleanup of unused pods while keeping frequently used pods alive indefinitely through TTL updates on each use.

**TTL configuration:**
- Default TTL configured at function runner startup (e.g., 30 minutes)
- Per-function TTL specified in FunctionConfig pod executor configuration

> - Dynamic updates through TTL extension on each pod reuse

Reviewer 2: The default TTL is configured at function runner startup (e.g., 30 minutes) and per-function TTL is specified in the FunctionConfig pod executor configuration. Dynamic updates are provided through TTL extension on each pod reuse.
